[MTM-56086]: Release Notes for device access token (#1850)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-237-0-X-509-device-access-token.md

---
date: ""

> title: Device certificate authentication to retrieve JWT session token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Added support for retrieving JWT session token with X.509 certificates
```

> title: Added support for retrieving JWT session token with X.509 certificates

Reviewer 2: Can this `Added support for retrieving JWT session token with X.509 certificates` be `Added support for retrieving JWT session token with X.509 certificates for devices` ?

Reviewer: > Can this `Added support for retrieving JWT session token with X.509 certificates` be `Added support for retrieving JWT session token with X.509 certificates for devices` ?

Sure, changed it.

> title: Added support for retrieving JWT session token with X.509 certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Added support for retrieving JWT session token with X.509 certificates for devices
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-54838
version: 10.20.237.0
---

> Added support to retrieve JWT session token with X.509 certificates via REST API for devices. For details, refer to the [Device authentication](https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-integration/device-integration-rest/#device-authentication) user documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support has been added for retrieving JWT session tokens with X.509 certificates via REST API for devices. For details, refer to the [Device authentication](https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-integration/device-integration-rest/#device-authentication) user documentation.
```
